Add mpris-timer, emblem, and add generic name to Raider (#273)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

## Design

- [Contrast](https://gitlab.gnome.org/World/design/contrast) - Tool to check whether the contrast between two colors meet the [WCAG](https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag) requirements `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Emblem](https://apps.gnome.org/Emblem) -  Creation of projects avatars Matrix rooms or git `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Emblem](https://apps.gnome.org/Emblem) -  Tool to create project avatars/symbolic icons for Matrix rooms or Git forges `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```
